{"en":"Boxing matches were very popular in England two hundred years ago. ^ ","ch":"两百年前， 拳击比赛在英国非常盛行。  "}
{"en":"In those days,  boxers fought with bare fists for prize money. ^ ","ch":"当时， 拳击手们不戴手套， 为争夺奖金而搏斗。  "}
{"en":"Because of this,  they were known as 'prizefighters'. ^ ","ch":"因此， 他们被称作“职业拳击手”。  "}
{"en":"However,  boxing was very crude,  for there were no rules and a prizefighter could be seriously injured or even killed during a match. ^ ","ch":"不过， 拳击是十分野蛮的， 因为当时没有任何比赛规则， 职业拳击手有可能在比赛中受重伤， 甚至丧命。  "}
{"en":"One of the most colourful figures in boxing history was Daniel Mendoza,  who was born in 1764. ^ ","ch":"拳击史上最引人注目的人物之一是丹尼尔. 门多萨， 他生于1764年。  "}
{"en":"The use of gloves was not introduced until 1860,  when the Marquis of Queensberry drew up the first set of rules. ^ 1860","ch":"年昆斯伯里侯爵第一次为拳击比赛制定了规则， 拳击比赛这才用上了手套。  "}
{"en":"Though he was technically a prizefighter,  Mendoza did much to change crude prizefighting into a sport,  for he brought science to the game. ^ ","ch":"虽然门多萨严格来讲不过是个职业拳击手， 但在把这种粗野的拳击变成一种体育运动方面， 他作出了重大贡献。 是他把科学引进了这项运动。  "}
{"en":"In his day,  Mendoza enjoyed tremendous popularity.  He was adored by rich and poor alike. ^ ","ch":"门多萨在他的全盛时期深受大家欢迎， 无论是富人还是穷人都对他祟拜备至。  "}
{"en":"Mendoza rose to fame swiftly after a boxing match when he was only fourteen years old. ^ ","ch":"门多萨在14岁时参加了一场拳击赛后一举成名。  "}
{"en":"This attracted the attention of Richard Humphries who was then the most eminent boxer in England. ^ ","ch":"这引起了当时英国拳坛名将理查德. 汉弗莱斯的注意。  "}
{"en":"He offered to train Mendoza and his young pupil was quick to learn. ^ ","ch":"他主动提出教授门多萨， 而年少的门多萨一学就会。  "}
{"en":"In fact,  Mendoza soon became so successful that Humphries turned against him. ^ ","ch":"事实上， 门多萨不久便名声大振， 致使汉弗莱斯与他反目为敌。  "}
{"en":"The two men quarrelled bitterly and it was clear that the argument could only be settled by a fight. ^ ","ch":"两个人争吵不休， 显而易见， 只有较量一番才能解决问题。  "}
{"en":"A match was held at Stilton,  where both men fought for an hour. ^ ","ch":"于是两人在斯蒂尔顿设下赛场， 厮打了一个小时。  "}
{"en":"The public bet a great deal of money on Mendoza,  but he was defeated. ^ ","ch":"公众把大笔赌注下到了门多萨身上， 但他却输了。  "}
{"en":"Mendoza met Humphries in the ring on a later occasion and he lost for a second time. ^ ","ch":"后来， 门多萨与汉弗莱斯再次在拳击场上较量， 门多萨又输了一场。  "}
{"en":"It was not until his third match in 1790 that he finally beat Humphries and became Champion of England. ^ ","ch":"直到1790年他们第3次对垒， 门多萨才终于击败汉弗莱斯， 成了全英拳击冠军。  "}
{"en":"Meanwhile,  he founded a highly successful Academy and even Lord Byron became one of his pupils. ^ ","ch":"同时， 他建立了一所拳击学校， 办得很成功， 连拜伦勋爵也成了他的学生。  "}
{"en":"He earned enormous sums of money and was paid as much as $100 for a single appearance. ^ ","ch":"门多萨挣来大笔大笔的钱， 一次出场费就可多达100英镑。  "}
{"en":"Despite this,  he was so extravagant that he was always in debt. ^ ","ch":"尽管收入不少， 但他挥霍无度， 经常债台高筑。  "}
{"en":"After he was defeated by a boxer called Gentleman Jackson,  he was quickly forgotten. ^ ","ch":"他在被一个叫杰克逊绅士的拳击手击败后很快被遗忘。  "}
{"en":"He was sent to prison for failing to pay his debts and died in poverty in 1836. ^ ","ch":"他因无力还债而被捕入狱， 最后于1836年在贫困中死去。  "}